nixos/systemd-lib: fix restart/reloadTriggers when passing paths (#298983)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2405.section.md

- Ada packages (libraries and tools) have been moved into the `gnatPackages` scope. `gnatPackages` uses the default GNAT compiler, `gnat12Packages` and `gnat13Packages` use the respective matching compiler version.

- Paths provided as `restartTriggers` and `reloadTriggers` for systemd units will now be copied into the nix store to make the behavior consistent.

>   Previously, `restartTriggers = [ ./config.txt ]` would either always or never trigger a restart when switching to a new configuration, depending on if the source was in a flake or not.

Reviewer: Can we settle on this? It's more explicit about the bugged behavior than either previous iteration.

```suggestion
  Previously, `restartTriggers = [ ./config.txt ]`, if defined in a flake, would trigger a restart when any part of the flake changed; and if not defined in a flake, would never trigger a restart even if the contents of `config.txt` changed.
```

Author: Yep, looks good.
